hi it's me oh and uh oh thats that's
weird huh so yeah you can't tell who
this is by my voice yeah oh duh my leg
is falling asleep my leg is falling
asleep oh I'm just saying it's nothing
you can do about it so what are you
doing you're going out with your friend
huh is it a girl oh good yeah cuz that
would be oh not good so why do you have
any plans for monday yeah do you want to
one I mean I know that this might be
weird but do you want to go um horseback
riding with me yeah
oh god Nikki what you don't you don't
want to Oh AJ you can AJ wait wait wait
what first we don't know hello Oh what
happened that carpet no no no no um so
wait you're so AJ wants to go oh well I
wanted to go with you I wanted to go
with you what about this ok forget the
horseback ride off and forget age right
what about we why don't why don't we you
know what um I wanna you want to like
home ixnay on my refrigerator no no one
monday instead of the words belong
really look it's really cold in my
refrigerator so we're sweater do you
think it could be like I mean I don't
want to you know but do you think it
could be like a you know
like it do you do you think you could be
like a you know do you think you could
be like a date oh it's me you've been
talking to me this whole time okay what
I was just kidding I was joking you know
like a st. Patrick's Day Joe you know
wait okay I know when someone's trying
to get rid of me okay wait just answer
me this question okay do you believe in
leprechauns or do you believe in the
leprechauns are you sure because it's
one of those things that I'm kind of on
the fence about and with hello you hung
up he lasted a lot longer than I thought
he would